As November neared its end...
We're going to take care of her here at U.A.
I didn't think I'd be able to see
her again so soon for so long!
Hey.
Oh, yay, it's Eri!
You remind me of my little sister.
Welcome.
Thank you.
How did this come about...?
She couldn't stay at the hospital forever.
It looks like Eri was abandoned by her parents.
And the head of the Shie Hassaikai,
who's related to her by blood,
has been in a coma for a long time,
so she currently has nowhere to go.
And, you might've already heard from Mr. Aizawa,
but the horn that
Eri's Quirk is released from...
Yes, I heard that it'd gotten
smaller and was fine now...
It's starting to get bigger again slowly.
Then, in order to keep
that from happening again...?
That's how it is.
So, that's why we're taking care of
her instead of sending her to an orphanage.
We'll watch her in the teachers' dorm.
We'll see how she is and help her find
a way to live with that great power.
There are things we need to check, too...
Anyway, we'll take things step by step.
That sounds like a lot
of work for you, Mr. Aizawa.
That's where I come in!
I'm on a temporary absence from school,
and I'm friends with Eri!
I'm sure you're all busy,
but stop by and visit sometime.
Of course!
If Eri's body and soul become stable,
then the resurrection of the
invincible man will not be far off.
I hope that's what happens, right?
Sorry to be asking this
of you already, third year,
but can you take care of her for a while?
Roger! Let's play Othello!
Can we join you?
Class A, go back to the dorm.
You have guests arriving soon.
Sick? Are you okay?
No, I'm in good health.
My mucus membrane was just doing its job.
What're you talking about?
Maybe someone's talking about you!
Maybe you've got some fans!
Like Yaoyorozu at the school festival!
Will you please not poke fun of it?
I'm very grateful.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Tokoyami's probably
had fans for a while already.
I mean, you did your work study with Hawks.
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
No, I don't think so.
Everything was too fast there.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
They're here everyone! Greet them!
"Pro Hero - Mandalay - Quirk: Telepath"
Lock on with these sparkling gazes!
"Pro Hero - Ragdoll - Quirk: Search"
We've come to lend a paw and help!!
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
Coming out of nowhere...
"Pro Hero - Pixie-Bob - Quirk: Earthflow"
Stingingly cute and catlike!
Wild, Wild...
...Pussycats!
Pussycats!
Long time no see!
You kitties look like you've been doing well!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Sorry I couldn't protect you
to the end back then.
Don't keep digging up the past.
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
We're fine. Right?
Paw pad buns! Paw pad buns!
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
Please, come inside.
Oh, don't worry about us.
We need to go visit Class B, too.
Kota! Long time no see!
"Kota Izumi - Quirk: Water Gun"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Thanks for your letter!
I'll treasure it forever!
Whatever.
Midoriya, look.
He chose them himself.
He said he definitely wanted red.
N-No...!
We match!
But why are you back at U.A.?
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
We came to let you know we're in business again.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
You are?
Congratulations!
Ragdoll, you're working again?
I thought your Quirk was stolen,
so you were suspending activities--
It's not back!
I'll be doing office work
to support the other three.
Office Lady Cat!
We received a report from Tartarus, though.
I do feel bad about it, truly.
When I see a good Quirk,
I can't help but want it.
It's a bad habit of mine.
I'd love to return it,
but I'd have to use my Quirk.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
If that's all right with you,
then I can return it right away...
They're still trying to pin down
just how many and
what kinds of Quirks he's hiding...
Currently, not letting him do anything
is the only way we can contain him.
Then why are you starting up again at this time?
This will be announced later,
but for the Japanese Hero Billboard Chart,
we were ranked 411
for the second half of the year.
The Japanese Hero Billboard Chart!
Based on the total from
the number of incidents resolved,
contribution to society,
and citizen approval rating,
the chart ranks active heroes twice a year!
In other words, the higher the rank,
the more that hero has brought smiles and peace.
Last time, you guys were ranked 32.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
I see! It's because you dropped in the rankings!
Do your best!
No, meow!
How are we still in the three digits
even though we haven't done any hero work?
The approval rating component gave us a boost.
There are people waiting for us.
We can't just stand still!
Is that how it is?
You're so manly, Wild Wild Pussycats!
You're being too loud.
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
Speaking of which,
they haven't announced results
for the second half of the year yet, huh?
A lot has happened.
A billboard chart without All Might, huh?
I can't wait to see how the rankings ended up.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"Japanese Hero Billboard Chart"
This is the first billboard chart
since the Kamino incident,
where the Symbol of Peace, All Might,
was driven to an early retirement.
Everyone understands how important this is!
Until today, heroes did not appear
on stage for the announcement,
but this time is different!
Take a look!
Number ten! Dropping down one
rank from number nine last time,
Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu!
Honestly, I don't think I deserve it this time.
Number nine! He went down, too!
But he won't be defeated!
Equipped Hero: Yoroi Musha!
Outside of the top three, a ranking like this
is all erroneous based on the tide of the times.
Number eight! From the "Clean and Shiny"
commercial, Laundry Hero: Wash!
Wash! Wash-ash-ash!
Number seven! A huge leap!
A promising hero whose growth won't stop!
Kamui Woods!
I'm honored.
"Pro Hero - Mt. Lady - Quirk: Gigantification"
Kamui Woods is number seven!
As one of his teammates, it's very encouraging.
What about reports that you two are dating?
No comment.
Man, I hate this! Why is he the only one there?!
You ranked pretty high yourself.
"Mt. Lady - 23rd"
Number six!
From the orthodox school of manliness,
he reliably keeps his ranking!
Shield Hero: Crust!
I wanted to see you
in action more... All Might...!
Number five! A bunny with a
determined spirit has risen in the rankings!
Rabbit Hero: Mirko!
I heard you formed a team? Weakling.
Number four!
This mysterious ninja's had a huge jump
in cases resolved and approval rating!
Ninja Hero: Edgeshot!
Be quiet, we're in public.
This time, those heroes involved
with the Kamino incident
have all seen their approval ratings go up.
Which brings us to this man...
Even though he's currently on hiatus,
he's still number three!
With the number one
approval rating for this round,
Fiber Hero: Best Jeanist!
We're all waiting for him
to return as soon as possible!
Number two! He does things
his own way, but he's fierce!
With great momentum,
he's reached the number two spot!
Wing Hero: Hawks!
That's an exaggeration.
And...!
He's been the temporary number one, but today...
...he's really, truly in the number one spot.
He's waited a long time!
Flame Hero: Endeavor!
We chose to put on this kind of event this time
because we saw that
this was a critical juncture.
It's been about three months
since All Might's retirement.
There are still rumors that we are lacking an icon,
but the heroes who will
bear the future are right here.
--Let us work toward a peaceful society with them.
--How does it feel to be number one?
And now, let's have a comment from each person!
Thank you very much.
But if I could have refused, I would have.
There were lives that I should have
been able to save but didn't.
I will strive to become a
hero worthy of the rank I received.
"Pro Hero - Fat Gum - Quirk: Fat Adsorption"
"Pro Hero - Rock Lock - Quirk: Lockdown"
Ryukyu...
I get you, Ryukyu!
The anguish in your heart!
The remorse! We must stand tall!
You can do it, Ryukyu! Let's do our best!
Crust, it's not your turn.
He's too worked up.
That's what I like about him!
What we must do now is no different.
Wash!
I would like to work in a way that does not
shame those who have come before me,
starting with Edgeshot,
who accepted me on his team.
Oh, why was I not at Kamino on that day?!
For those of you planning evil deeds right now--
prepare to be sent flying by me!
You were third in the approval ratings.
I am not concerned with numbers.
I am grateful for all
the support I have received,
but I am not doing this for the fame.
I believe my job is to bring about peace.
Who's gonna be happy listening to that?
Stain?
"Silence"
I like you! You're cheeky!
As always, you like to rock the boat.
I'm just bad at controlling myself.
Let's see...
If we're just talking approval ratings...
Best Jeanist is number one with
the boost he got from being on hiatus.
Second is me, third is Edgeshot,
and fourth is Endeavor. I'll skip the rest.
I think approval rating is the most
important number right now, though.
Is this really the time
to be dragging out the past?
You don't think we need
to change how we do things?
The Symbol is gone.
At this "critical juncture,"
why are those less accomplished
than me playing it safe?
Say something that sounds more hero-like.
I thought I saw him scowling, and now this...
Seriously, I can't tell what he's thinkin'.
Hawks, age 22.
He made it to the top three in the last ranking.
He started his own agency at 18,
and by the second half of that year,
he was already in the top ten.
He was the first in history to
make it to the top ten before age 20!
The fastest and the youngest!
People say that he's "too fast."
I don't know if this is just
doing things his own way, or what...
It's arrogance.
That's all from me.
Now, go ahead, number one hero
with a lower approval rating than me.
A lot of people can understand
what Hawks just said.
This'll be hard for Endeavor to follow.
Former number one hero...
What is the Symbol of Peace?
After that young person has fanned the flames,
I won't say much.
Just watch me.
"Tsuyu Asui"
"Quirk: Frog"
"She can do pretty much everything a frog can, like stretch out her tongue really far."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 2/12"
"Height: 150 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Jello"
"Eijiro Kirishima"
"Quirk: Hardening"
"He can harden his whole body, which can be used for offense or defense."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/16"
"Height: 170 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Meat"
"Endeavor"
Sorry for the trouble I caused.
What were you thinking, boy?!
Everyone was just saying normal boring stuff,
and I thought there needed
to be more of an impact.
You were testing me, weren't you?
Of course not!
In fact, I was helping you!
It was good, wasn't it?
I'm not an All Might fan or anything,
and I've never wanted to become like him.
Even so, his retirement came as a shock.
I'm not saying to be as iconic as him.
But I think we definitely
need a new leader right now.
I'm relieved. You were cool.
Is this what he really thinks,
or is he mocking me?
You never thought to be the new leader yourself?
Do I look like someone who'd do that?
I wanna have more
freedom down in the lower ranks.
Around 20th or 30th place.
I hate people like you the most.
This conversation is over.
Go apologize to the others.
Oh, actually, I wanted to talk to you.
I won't hear it! Go away!
I'd like to team up with you.
In my hometown, there have been
some troubling eyewitness reports.
Do you remember the Nomus?
"Villain - Dabi"
The ones before didn't really understand...
...but I've got high hopes for you, High-End.
"Kyushu District"
I'll crush it.
I worked at this company for three years.
I'll crush it right now.
Ever since I can remember,
I've always tried to be considerate
of other people's feelings.
It was suffocating...
"Unprecedented reprinting!!"
"Destro's Life Story"
"Metahuman Liberation Warfront"
But I'll say goodbye to that me today.
I'd screamed, "Damn company!" so much...
Liberate me... Liberate me...
Hooray for metahuman liberation!
"Teruo Hazukashi - Quirk: Shame"
Teruo Hazukashi, age 31.
Quirk: Shame.
The more embarrassed he is,
the stronger he gets.
Metahuman... libera--
Why...?
--Whoa, what's up with this guy?
He's flashing everyone.
--Endeavor, what kind of food do you like?
--Whoa, what's up with this guy?
He's flashing everyone.
--Endeavor, what kind of food do you like?
--I can't believe he
did that in this cold.
--The hot pot from that place is really good.
--I can't believe he
did that in this cold.
--The hot pot from that place is really good.
--These feathers are...
You can really taste the flavor of the chicken.
Is that heavy? You hungry?
No, Schwartz!
--The yakitori's good, too.
--Oh, Schwartz, I'm so glad you're okay!
Yoritomi's liver skewers are addicting.
It's Hawks!
He doesn't usually just walk around like this!
Hello!
Whoops.
Granny, I'll carry it to the top for you.
Thanks.
Hawks, congrats on ranking second!
I saw that yesterday!
If you don't act more humble,
you'll just get more enemies!
Enemies, huh?
Hawks, Hawks!
Yay.
Excuse me, my son is a big fan.
Can he have your autograph?
Oh, what a fancy bag!
You sure I can write on it?
Of course!
What's your name?
Ryosuke!
Okay, Ryosuke. Thanks for all your support!
Thanks, Hawks!
Thank you very much!
It's Endeavor...
His face is so scary...
His presence... the pressure's so strong.
Go get his autograph!
No way.
Didn't you say you liked him?
I do, but it's not like that!
Oh, he's coming! He's coming this way!
Huh?! What, no way! Oh man, oh man!
His new costume's so cool!
You don't have to hold back.
This isn't right.
Huh? It isn't?
Endeavor doesn't do fan service.
Being hard to get is what makes him cool...!
Oh, you're hardcore, huh?
Oh, no! You've changed! You've changed!
It wasn't right?
I was able to do it naturally
with that kid from Shiketsu, though...
"Yoritomi Midori"
"Yakitori"
Of course he'd say that.
It's not like you.
Oh, if you aren't gonna
have anymore, can I have it?
What a glutton. Eat what you want!
I just have no self-control
when it comes to the things I want.
After the school festival, too,
I scouted your son.
I mean, having the son of the
number two hero would look good, right?
But well, I'm glad I got Tsukuyomi now,
since Shoto failed the provisional exam
and left a mark on his brand.
You know a lot for someone who didn't go to U.A.
I'm well-informed.
Stop messing around!
I didn't come all the way
to Kyushu to talk about this!
Hurry up and get to the point.
About the rumors?
Remodeled Nomu...
"Remodeled Nomu"
Those grotesque puppets
the League of Villains has...
A few dozen stored in Kamino
were captured along with All For One,
and since then, the League has been busy,
but no more Nomu have appeared.
Either that was all of them,
or old A.F.O. was the only one
who knew where the rest were.
Bastard, since you asked me to team up with you,
that means you have
some definitive proof, right?
No, I don't.
They're seriously just rumors.
Bring the check! I'm going home!
Come on, wait a minute. Please listen.
This is not the only place
where Nomus have been sighted.
You don't know, do you?
They've been reported across the country.
Not so much that they've been
gathered into a news article...
...but among housewives while they gossip,
or between elementary and middle
school kids as they walk home from school.
What do you mean?
I heard about it first on
a business trip from the locals.
At the time, I worked with
the police and investigated quietly
to not raise unnecessary panic,
but I got nothing.
So, it made me curious,
and I flew around the country
investigating on my own.
Investigating...?
There were some differences,
but similar rumors were popping up in
places that were completely unconnected.
In the end, they were all just rumors, though...
Now, this is just an unsubstantiated opinion,
but after U.A., Hosu, and Kamino,
everyone knows how creepy
these remodeled villains are, right?
So I think some idiot is telling
scary stories to stir up the uneasiness,
and they spread across the country.
That villain earlier shouted,
"Hooray for metahuman liberation!" right?
That's similar, too, where an
old villain's biography was republished
"Unprecedented reprinting!!"
"Destro's Life Story"
"Metahuman Liberation Warfront"
and has been selling pretty well.
He was probably influenced by it.
Those kinds of books sell more
when society's uneasy, like they thrive.
Don't put on airs.
Just what is it you want?
Get to the point!
I want you to become a dependable
leader now that you're number one.
I want you to verify
the veracity of those rumors
and tell everyone proudly to stop worrying.
I'm not gonna do anything special.
I said the same thing yesterday, but basically,
I'm being the producer
behind the number one hero.
Bastard.
I just want to take it easy. Really.
Just go around on leisurely patrols,
complain that nothing happened today,
and then go to bed.
The best life!
I want to make it a world where heroes
have too much time on their hands.
Endeavor.
Here are your drinks--
Get back, Miss!
Who's the strongest?
Hawks, evacuate everyone!
Roger! What about you?
They weren't just rumors, huh?
Must be my lucky day.
Oh, well. Either way, this is what I came for.
Flashfire Fist!
Jetburn!
Come.
I'll show you who I am.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
A Nomu from the League of Villains
has attacked Endeavor and Hawks.
Do they have a chance at winning
against an opponent with
regenerative abilities and multiple Quirks?
As the nation holds its breath while it watches,
Endeavor, the newly-minted number one,
burns with seriousness and resolve.
Next time, "His Start."
Go beyond!
"Next time: His Start"
Plus Ultra!